Let's go, open the door on the first day of junior high school
Mother is here to bring you dinner
It's your favorite dumpling.
No, I didn't tell my mother at all when I went out
How could he possibly know I was in Elm Mouth?
Chu Yi
Why don't you even listen to your mother? I can't hear you
You made a mistake at the well
This house can't protect you anymore
Go home with grandpa grandpa
Girl, you're not coming home at night
Why are you crying alone here?
Brother, can you help me?
aunt
You have to tell me what it is to help you.
My parents for 20 dollars
Marry me to a dying sick kidney
I risked my life to run away from home
little brother
Can you take me in?
Girl, why are your hands so cold?
When did I come here?
Cold dew at night
You see my clothes are all wet
that
Then you come into the house with me first to warm up.
Let's go